I reckon simply hike okay let UK in this
session we're looking at the van gogh
dot d s series comes in a 300 and a 200
style as for the three men and a two-man
fantastic tents with some great features
also comes in a variety of colors as
well just go inside and take a closer
look so the d/s ranges a range of pop-up
tents making them really quick and easy
to pitch cars we said comes in a variety
of three hundred and two hundred and
also different colors this current one
we're settling is a three hundred a
three birth tent so some of the features
we've got here then got a small storage
area towards the front of a soning
groundsheet as well this just prevents
any water insects from getting in and
store your bits and pieces towards the
front here so bags boots any other
camping equipment that you want nice
large opening the new shape zip at the
front makes getting in and out nice and
easy also have a reflective strip on the
outside as well so it's nice and easy to
spot the actual sleeping area of the
tent itself this is suspended from the
actual top of the flysheet just means
the air can circulate nice around the
tent itself is just prevents any
condensation build-up within a sleeping
area itself so inside here we have a
bathtub style groundsheets just comes up
round the sides again to stop any water
insects from getting in it's a nice
generous sized space in here so you can
quite easily fit three people in as with
the two person tent there's more than
enough space for two people to
comfortably sleep sections of pockets on
either side as well so you can store
your valuables or anything you need
close to hand large vents on either side
as well which lead out and talk external
vents on the outside of the tent so the
airflow can nicely circulate inside here
keeping you nice and comfortable also
one just dotted behind me as well again
for the extra bit of airflow so if the
pop-up style makes it nice and easy to
pitch make them fantastic festival tent
you